# ThesisJNdeBruin

This GitHub-page provides the four models used for my master's thesis on different DSM-strategies under varying grid tariff designs. The models are made in the Calliope, using YAML- and CSV-files. A elaborated description on the logic of the four models can be found in the thesis, 'DSM in an electrified food industry', at the TU Delft Repository: https://repository.tudelft.nl/. More information on the installation, functioning and and running of Calliope can be found at: https://calliope.readthedocs.io/en/stable/ . The CSV-files that are included and their purpose are the following:

- Contract.csv: This CSV-file restricts the monthly cables that they can only be used in a single month by setting their efficiency to zero outside of their month.
- demand.csv: This CSV-file includes the hourly production target of the industry.
- El_prices: This CSV-file includes the electricity prices with the 2019 weather conditions for 2030 generated by the Energy Transition Model, including an energy tax.
- El_prices_1997: This CSV-file includes the electricity prices with the 1997 weather conditions for 2030 generated by the Energy Transition Model, including an energy tax.
- grid.csv: This CSV-file restricts the hourly cables that they can only be used in their hour by setting their efficiency to zero outside of their specific hour.
- Wind.csv: This CSV-file includes the wind capacity factors with the 2019 weather conditions, given by the Energy Transition Model.
- Wind_1997.csv: This CSV-file includes the wind capacity factors with the 1997 weather conditions, given by the Energy Transition Model.
